Since we added OAuth2 to our project, if the user is not authenticated,
they are redirected to the Spring's custom OAuth2 login page,
which is just a list of links to the providers we configured.
However,
we want it to default back to our custom login page and add the
links to sign in with Google and Facebook to that.
In our WebSecurityConfigurationAdapter on the OAuth2Login builder,
we add our loginPage URI.
We now need to add two links to our login page,
starting with oauth2/authorization.
If you recall,
that's the URI the OAuth2AuthorizationRequestRedirectFilter will intercept.
We add the registration ID for the provider,
in this case Facebook and Google, and that's it.
The user now has these options available.
And if we select them,
the Auth2AuthorizationRequestRedirectFilter will intercept
the request and initiate the OAuth2 flow by sending the
initial redirect to the provider, requesting the access code.
Now if this is a new user, we need to register them by storing their name,
email,
and setting up a portfolio so that we can maintain the state of
their crypto holdings each time they log in.
We want to do this automatically without the user having to do anything.
For them, ideally, it should be just sign in with Google or Facebook,
and they're ready to go. Let's set this up next.